
Basically, this will be a practice example of how to make 1990s style Windows
games. The way they were made prior to DirectX, using only Windows GDI,
with the 256-color graphics mode, multimedia timer, MIDI music, etc. Maybe
other younger programmers can learn from this, not just the 32-bit games jam.
And of course, it wouldn't be complete without showing how to code this to run
on Windows 3.1, 95, 98, etc. Later in development some consideration may be made
for Windows 2000, XP, Vista, 7, maybe all the way up to Windows 11, but that's
not the target of this code.

To make the game more accessible after development, port to other platforms like
Linux using the SDL2 library. If MIDI is involved, Linux ports will have to use
FluidSynth, and on Mac OS to use the appropriate APIs. You have DOSBox-X source
code to study for that, of course.

2025/10/28:
Joke fighter game. Hell scenario. Background is basically an animated GIF of
fire flames. Music in the background will be a MOD file using an evil choir,
samples from The Prodigy "Fire" song, and samples like "Welcome to Hell"
and "Fire and Brimstone", but in a cheesy early to mid 1990s demoscenish
style. Maybe DnB. Make it a cheesy 1990s "ripoff" of Street Fighter, of course,
in the style of something those shitty shareware games compilations would do.
Make it worthy of something you'd see on Shovelware Diggers.

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFppStNpssI]
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F1U0qvtQnE8]

Idea: Bill Gates vs Tux the Penguin. If the penguin wins, he summons the
GNU spirit which banishes Bill Gates to "his own hell you call Windows. Not
the Windows of now, but the Windows of the future", then sends Bill to this
hell. Bill appears in the hell, the screen pans out to show Bill standing on
a Windows 11 desktop (make it obvious with that curved rainbow frilly... thing
in the stock background and "Windows 11" printed on the deskstop).
He screams "NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!".

"Chips Challenge" style overworld? If it wouldn't get you in trouble, you could
even use that MIDI file from Chips Challenge. Maybe.

